with the axe safely inside my
virtual fence I can turn my
attention to dinner in the cold
dry air food stays fresh for a
long time it is amazing how I've
been able to live after school
for the last couple days but to
tell you the truth some of this
me that I am picking off this
does now a bit questionable so
an altitude water boils at a
lower temperature so it can be
less effective at killing
harmful bacteria have a real
good hearty meal tonight with
this and say goodbye to my lunch
box but one man's trash is
another's treasure as I'm about
to find out there was a stray
dog
while dogs out here working dogs
but sometimes they just go
Farrell I wasn't thinking I was
going to be much more on that
but now it's totally gone